removed reconfigure-kubelet page (#37268)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

- `DryRun`: Enable server-side [dry run](/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#dry-run) requests
  so that validation, merging, and mutation can be tested without committing.
- `DynamicAuditing`: Used to enable dynamic auditing before v1.19.

> - `DynamicKubeletConfig`: Enable the dynamic configuration of kubelet. (not available for kubelets from Kubernetes v1.24 or later).

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
- `DynamicKubeletConfig`: Enable the dynamic configuration of kubelet (not available for kubelets from Kubernetes v1.24 or later).
```

- `DynamicAuditing`: Used to enable dynamic auditing before v1.19.

> - `DynamicKubeletConfig`: Enable the dynamic configuration of kubelet. The
>   feature is no longer supported outside of supported skew policy. The feature
>   gate was removed from kubelet in 1.24.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DynamicKubeletConfig`: Enable dynamic configuration of the kubelet.
  (not available for kubelets from Kubernetes v1.24 or later).
```
